# Bitcoin-Price-Prediction

Bitcoin price prediction according to; Capabilities based on specific technology, public acceptance , the attraction of different segments of society and acceptance by some large companies for payments is important issue for individual and institutional investors. Also, given the fact that Bitcoin is the market leader in cryptocurrencies, predicting its price can be a way to predict the price of others. This research is done by evaluating the effective factors on the price of Bitcoin and presenting a model for predicting the price of Bitcoin. In this regard, first, by studying the theoretical foundations, the factors, such as blockchain technology, macroeconomics, microeconomics and public attention, had identified as effective factors on bitcoin price. Using effective factors on Bitcoin price and related variables, Bitcoin price prediction models by machine learning algorithms such as: support vector regression (SVR), Gaussian process regression (GPR), Long Short-Term Memory neural network (LSTM)), were constructed. Then, the models developed in the previous stage were used and evaluated in the face of real world conditions. For this purpose, test data belonging to the period from July 8, 2020 to August 31, 2021 were used and using the evaluation criteria of the models, the support vector regression with linear kernel model (SVR) was found to have the best performance for predicting the next day's Bitcoin price. The model has a determination coefficient (R2) of 99%, mean absolute percentage error (MAPE) of 0.02.
